at 11 a.m. gather one
small 80 attract fans to the
wilfordkaai in temse
no they are not waiting for a bus for this
her they make the trip to brussels with
a real
pleasure boat that milk cafe there hot pan
to back and the party bus intellect two
this year it turned out to be more difficult
to be what many supporters and party do
owned one booked and we thought of coming
we were trying something else
and search for and was actually
we said we go the party boat
and the day after was strong as good as
we sounded one the boat was reserved
and he was already full so 20 hours think
I had it full
everyone was fully booked , everyone pays
registered so whether you like them
weigh
actually yes
on board there is a DJ and bar and especially
lots of all the ingredients so order from the
4-hour boat trip a real party
to make
so normal week the final people go
make sure it is normal that sturdy 40 watts
forwarding would be worse after which the
cup final that is not bad
I think he is the fourth tall and whole
great fresh and exuberant meat and then
going a perfect mood in Brussels
because 2 o'clock in the afternoon the
relocation the center of lokeren
gradually on the move
19,000 supporters account for no less than
323 buses run towards it today
King Baudouin Stadium
select club magnee with one of these
four yellow buses
purebred american school buses
vintage cars so and not always for a while
reliable
one was already out of order and that
before leaving
hopefully within a short time
time span because otherwise will
having to resign with those buses a pity
enough but then find one
alternative of course to each other's
vintage cars
that's probably an option
other piece you do have different transportation
I don't think they are a little technical
defect this day side with a screw up
fine and I welcome all
when bus 4 is repaired also makes
the quietly ready to leave
direction Brussels
the experience in and around lokeren is immense
it is still more than two years ago even
and citywide sympathizes have also
no explanation for in the play-offs
it also goes well so maybe because of that
sequence of water becomes common
good results that causes
actually and the club went into indoor sports
where good action they let them did to the
supporters everyone tells the tower
both the two years ago
lived there and I think there is a lot
several supporters
the confidence that the cup on one
new direction is coming
special cave
I hope we get a nice hat
that nobody is excluded from it
like two years ago and that the best
may win may house and may not
before going to he can then he can
such a rash as gay men
said for two in two I'm in
Belgium guys been carnivals shop
for as a preferred route and also I
the actors have to come between them so
along
that is burning and then that disqus
arabic cuisine and said yes i must now
let who said no because I wanted to be with
who the rest are coming europe bus
wallace and then three hours
everyone everyone is ready for the
contest